docs/resume_cv/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: resume/CV
---

Education
---------

|-----|----|
|-----|----|
| **Bachelor of Science in Mathematics** |*(expected graduation Spring 2026)*|
| For a capstone requirement, researched and documented the design of a simulated bionic exoskeleton with voice control for search and rescue, and created a software library to help other researchers develop bionic systems using fluid muscles | |
| **Associate of Applied Science in Music Business, Performance and Technology** | *(graduated fall 2016)* |
| Studied songwriting, commercial music management, live and studio audio engineering, and music production, with an elective focus on digital synthesis and sound design, including modular synthesis. Recorded and released a debut commercial album. | |

Employment
----------

|-----|----|
|-----|----|
| | |
| | |
| | |
| | |
Experience
---------

|-----|----|
|-----|----|
| | |
| | |
| | |
| | |
| | |


Skills
------

### Software

- **Suites:** Microsoft Office/Copilot, Google Suite, Tableau/PowerBI, Adobe Creative Suite
- **3-D Design, Modeling and Simulation:** Blender, Onshape, SimScale, Unity
- **Audio:** Ableton Live, Reason, Pro Tools, Reaktor

#### Languages

- **Programming:** Python, C++, JavaScript, Ruby, node.js
- **Markup:** HTML/CSS, LaTeX, Markdown
- **Scripting:** Bash, PowerShell

### Hardware
- **General:** Drills and impact wrenches, basic automotive/small mechanical maintenance and repair
- **Metalworking:** Forging (including pneumatic hammers), grinding, power sanding
- **Electronics:** Breadboarding, multimeters and circuit testing

Credentials
-----------
- **Certified Personal Trainer:** American College of Sports Medicine

Commit message:

changed employment education experience tables

docs/resume_cv/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: resume/CV
---

Education
---------

|                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |                                     |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------|
| **Bachelor of Science in Mathematics**                                                                                                                                                                                                                | *(expected graduation Spring 2026)* |
| For a capstone requirement, researched and documented the design of a simulated bionic exoskeleton with voice control for search and rescue, and created a software library to help other researchers develop bionic systems using fluid muscles      |                                     |
| **Associate of Applied Science in Music Business, Performance and Technology**                                                                                                                                                                        | *(graduated fall 2016)*             |
| Studied songwriting, commercial music management, live and studio audio engineering, and music production, with an elective focus on digital synthesis and sound design, including modular synthesis. Recorded and released a debut commercial album. |                                     |

Employment
----------

|                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |                           |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------|
| **Student Researcher**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Summer 2022, Summer 2023  |
| As part of an undergraduate research experience funded by a NASA grant, performed statistical analysis on surface and full column atmospheric pollutant data. Using Python, collated measurement data from instruments in the greater Houston metropolitan area and searched for patterns in levels of ozone and nitrogen dioxide. |                           |
| **Personal Trainer**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Spring 2021-Spring 2024   |
| Trained clients in strength, endurance, and general fitness using a diverse set of modalities. Delivered boxing instruction to adult and youth gym members.                                                                                                                                                                        |                           |
| **STEAM Educator**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Summer 2017 - Spring 2020 |
| Facilitated formal and informal learning experiences in science, technology, engineering, art, and mathematics to families and museum attendees of all ages. Trained new staff and developed training protocols.                                                                                                                   |                           |

Experience
---------

|                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |           |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|
| Search and Rescue Team Member                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | 2020-2024 |
| Attended training in search theory, lost person behavior, rescue techniques, and wilderness first aid. Deployed on 2 search operations at the request of local law enforcement agencies. Served as Treasurer for the 2021 fiscal year and managed an approximately $50,000 team budget. Performed sourcing and purchasing for team merchandise. |           |
| Austin Justice Coalition Volunteer                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | 2018-2022 |
| Attended meetings and engaged in social justice work centered around the Brown and Black experience in Austin and central Texas. Wrote literature to help get the word out about issues during the 2022 legislative session.                                                                                                                    |           |
|                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |           |


Skills
------

### Software

- **Suites:** Microsoft Office/Copilot, Google Suite, Tableau/PowerBI, Adobe Creative Suite
- **3-D Design, Modeling and Simulation:** Blender, Onshape, SimScale, Unity
- **Audio:** Ableton Live, Reason, Pro Tools, Reaktor

#### Languages

- **Programming:** Python, C++, JavaScript, Ruby, node.js
- **Markup:** HTML/CSS, LaTeX, Markdown
- **Scripting:** Bash, PowerShell

### Hardware
- **General:** Drills and impact wrenches, basic automotive/small mechanical maintenance and repair
- **Metalworking:** Forging (including pneumatic hammers), grinding, power sanding
- **Electronics:** Breadboarding, multimeters and circuit testing

Credentials
-----------
- **Certified Personal Trainer:** American College of Sports Medicine
